README.md, before:

# Granular Gamerules

A mod to fine tune your gamerules.

## Mob Griefing

- Weaving Effect Places Webs 
- Wither places wither rose down
- Mobs pick up items
  - Allays pick up items
  - Piglins pick up gold
- Villagers work farmland
- Zombies break doors ✅
- Sheep eat grass
- Zombies break turtle eggs
- Foxes harvest berry bushes
- Rabbit harvest carrots
- Snow golems place snow
- Ender dragon breaks non-end blocks
- Wither breaks blocks on damage
- Endermen place/break blocks ✅
- Evokers turn blue sheep red
- Ravagers destroy ✅
  - ..leaves
  - ..crops
- Silverfish enter stone
- Silverfish wake others up from infested stone
- Ghast fireballs ignite blocks
- Mob launched projectiles (blaze fireballs, skeleton arrows)
  - Ignite campfires
  - Destroy dripstone, chorus flowers or pots
  - Ignite TNT
- Destroy powder snow on extinguish
- Lower cauldron level on extinguish
- Blaze fireballs set fires
- Breeze projectiles trigger blocks
- Mob sourced explosions destroy blocks
  - Creepers
  - Ghast Fireballs
  - Wither initial explosion
  - Wither projectiles
- Falling mobs destroy farmland

## PvP & Enable Command Block rules

Fake overlays to the /gamerule command; just updates the backing `server.properties`

Commit message:

[feat] fake dedicated servers command

README.md, after:

# Granular Gamerules

A mod to fine tune your gamerules.

## Mob Griefing

Not all of these will be done, just most likely

- Weaving Effect Places Webs 
- Wither places wither rose down
- Mobs pick up items
  - Allays pick up items
  - Piglins pick up gold
- Villagers work farmland
- Zombies break doors ✅
- Sheep eat grass
- Zombies break turtle eggs
- Foxes harvest berry bushes
- Rabbit harvest carrots
- Snow golems place snow
- Ender dragon breaks non-end blocks
- Wither breaks blocks on damage
- Endermen place/break blocks ✅
- Evokers turn blue sheep red
- Ravagers destroy ✅
  - ..leaves
  - ..crops
- Silverfish enter stone
- Silverfish wake others up from infested stone
- Ghast fireballs ignite blocks
- Mob launched projectiles (blaze fireballs, skeleton arrows)
  - Ignite campfires
  - Destroy dripstone, chorus flowers or pots
  - Ignite TNT
- Destroy powder snow on extinguish
- Lower cauldron level on extinguish
- Blaze fireballs set fires
- Breeze projectiles trigger blocks
- Mob sourced explosions destroy blocks
  - Creepers
  - Ghast Fireballs
  - Wither initial explosion
  - Wither projectiles
- Falling mobs destroy farmland

## (Dedicated Server) Fake game rules

- Pvp
- Allow Flight
- Enable Command Block

Added to the /gamerule command, updates the backing server.properties
